!! VASPMATE Version 1.1.0 (2023.4.1)
!! COPYRIGHT
!! Copyright[c] 2022 - 2023, Beihang University, by Z. C. Pan and R. F. Zhang

!! This is a manual about the VASPMATE code development architecture, 
!! mainly introducing the specific content of each file in the src directory,
!! which would be helpful for the user to improve the package.

!! main.cpp: Recording the composition of all command line functions of VASPMATE 
!! and is the entry point of the program.
   
!! Eigenval.cpp: Parsing EIGENVAL file to obtain the energy eigenvalues and k-vectors.
!! Including the relevant properties such as Fermi surface 
!! and 3d energy band calculations.
   
!! kpta.cpp: Generate KPOINTS file normally, including KPPRA, KSPACING and KMESH.
   
!! acneb.cpp: Structural differences analysis, linear interpolation and 
!! post-processing functions needed for neb calculations.
   
!! potcar.cpp: Qucik merge for POT files with diffrent methods.
   
!! emc.cpp: Caluculate electronic effective mass.
   
!! spa_plot.cpp, sv_Chart.cpp: Transform file data of VASPMATE format to SPaMD format
!! for plotting.
   
!! dos.cpp: Parsing DOSCAR file and analyse density of states.
   
!! tools.cpp: Tool functions commonly used in VASPMATE code.
   
!! band.cpp: Parsing PROCAR file and analyse of band structure.
   
!! incar.cpp: Tens of INCAR templates for certain property calculation and the on-site 
!! editing capability for INCAR parameters.
   
!! binio.cpp, fft.cpp, plotWave.cpp, stringops.cpp, wavecar.cpp, wavehigh.cpp: 
!! Transform wave function in reciprocal space to real space via fast Fourier transform(fft).
   
!! Binomial.cpp: Binomial fitting.
   
!! bskpt.cpp: Generate KPOINTS file for high-symmetry path in reciprocal space.
   
!! chgcar.cpp: Parsing CHGCAR file and analyse Charge density.
   
!! cif.cpp: Convert POSCAR and CIF file formats to each other.
   
!! outcar.cpp: Parsing OUTCAR file to obtain the information.
   
!! potential.cpp: Caluculate the bond length and bond angle.
   
!! read_write.cpp: Parsing POSCAR file to get basic crystal structure information.
   
!! shermo.cpp, thermo_constants.cpp: Correct the thermo energy calculated by VASP.
   
!! structure_operator.cpp: External deformation and symmetry operation of crystal structure.

